[docs] Fix multiple minor issues (#31178)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/font.mdx

## Configuration in app.json/app.config.js

> The recommended way to add fonts to your app is through `expo-font` built-in [config plugin](/config_plugins/introduction) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](/build/introduction) or 'npx expo run: [android ios]'). The plugin allows you to embed font files at build time which is more efficient than using ['loadAsync'](#loadasyncfontfamilyorfontmap-source). See the [Fonts](/develop/user-interface/fonts/#with-expo-font-config-plugin) guide on how to use it.

Author: ```suggestion
The recommended way to add fonts to your app is through `expo-font` built-in [config plugin](/config_plugins/introduction) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](/build/introduction) or `npx expo run: [android|ios]`). The plugin allows you to embed font files at build time which is more efficient than using [`loadAsync`](#loadasyncfontfamilyorfontmap-source). See the [Fonts](/develop/user-interface/fonts/#with-expo-font-config-plugin) guide on how to use it.
```
